created initial debug plugin (#1297)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS: extensions/applicationinsights-debugplugin-js/README.md

# Microsoft Application Insights JavaScript SDK - Debug Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Fapplicationinsights-debugplugin-js.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40microsoft%2Fapplicationinsights-debugplugin-js)
<!-- [![gzip size](https://img.badgesize.io/https://az416426.vo.msecnd.net/scripts/b/ai.2.min.js.svg?compression=gzip&softmax=30000&max=35000)](https://img.badgesize.io/https://az416426.vo.msecnd.net/scripts/b/ai.2.min.js.svg?compression=gzip&softmax=30000&max=35000) -->
<!-- [![minified size size](https://img.badgesize.io/https://az416426.vo.msecnd.net/scripts/b/ai.2.min.js.svg?label=minified%20size)](https://img.badgesize.io/https://az416426.vo.msecnd.net/scripts/b/ai.2.min.js.svg?label=minified%20size) -->

This README is broken down into several parts:

> - **Supported Browsers**

Reviewer: Can you add links to the actual sections here so user can navigate easier?

- **Who** should use this plugin
- **What** this plugin does
- **When** to use this plugin
- **Where** to get more information
- **Why** this plugin exists
- **Getting Started**

these parts go together to explain the reasoning for this plugin's existance and provides
an explaination as to how everything works. Each of these sections will finish with a
bullet-point list that summarizes the section

> ## Supported Browsers

Reviewer: Add supported browsers at the bottom of the list, other sections seem more important

Reviewer 2: +1

Our goal for the Application Insights Javascript SDK is to at least ensure that older, browsers
running ES3 (IE7) don't crash when this plugin is loaded. **However,** because this is a
*UI-based* plugin tailored for **developers** that is **not** meant to be used in a finalized
website, there is an expectation that developers would be testing and debugging this particular
data in modern browsers with modern tooling.

As such, supporting Internet Explorer 7 and other browsers running ES3 is no-longer a priority
for this plugin.

> This can be expected to work in:

Reviewer: Maybe use images like main readme 
https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS#browser-support

Author: We'll do this as part of the next check-in

- Firefox
- Chrome
- Edge (new and old)

> 

Reviewer 2: We should include IE, we should be able to support IE9+ as they are ES5 or greater, but at the very least it should work in IE11

Author: I'm trying to work in support for IE11 in the inspector view, but that might take quite a bit of refactoring due to the way appendchild seems to refuse to work properly in IE11. It doesn't crash the page/browser though, so if that's what we're going for then it's fine.

bubble with a number in the bottom-right corner of the screen:

![closed bubble](./readme-res/bubble_closed.png)

this will reach full opacity upon hover, at which point it will also append "AppInsights"
to before the number:

![bubble on hover](readme-res/bubble_hover.png)

This number is here to indicate the total number of calls to tracked functions, such as
`trackEvent` or `trackPageView`. By default, every useful function is tracked.

When there's an error (`trackException`), a `(!)` will be appended to the number within the
bubble like so:

![bubble on exception](readme-res/bubble_error.png)

When this bubble is clicked, it will expand to a more detailed view, showing the frequency
of each tracked function call. It will also get rid of the error indicator:

![expanded bubble](readme-res/bubble_expanded.png)

This bubble can be clicked once more to minimize it.

### The Detailed View

When the bubble is open, clicking the "toggle detailed view" button will bring down a view
that shows a list of event objects. By clicking on one of these objects, you can open it up
in tree-view fasion:

![tree view](readme-res/tree_view.png)

> This is modeled after the developer tools of chorme to keep things familiar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is modeled after the developer tools of Edge/Chrome to keep things familiar.
```

```zsh
npm install --save @microsoft/applicationinsights-debugplugin-native @microsoft/applicationinsights-web
```

## Initializing the Plugin

```js
import { ApplicationInsights } from '@microsoft/applicationinsights-web';
import { DebugPlugin } from '@microsoft/applicationinsights-debugplugin-js';

const toTrack = [
    'trackEvent',
    'trackPageView',
    'trackPageViewPerformance',
    'trackException',
    'trackTrace',
    'trackMetric',
    'trackDependencyData',
    'throwInternal',        // called when a message is logged internally
    'logInternalMessage',   // called when a message is logged internally
    'triggerSend',          // called when data is queued to be sent to the server
    '_sender',              // called when data is sent to the server
];

const debugPluginInstance = new DebugPlugin();
const appInsights = new ApplicationInsights({
    config: {
        instrumentationKey: 'YOUR_INSTRUMENTATION_KEY_GOES_HERE',
        extensions: [debugPluginInstance],
        extensionConfig: {
            [DebugPlugin.identifier]: {
                trackers: toTrack
            }
        }
    }
});
appInsights.loadAppInsights();
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Next PR we should include details about the config, in a table like some of the other readme's
